two and I'll care something you said I
talk too much oh whoa exile the video I
can't help it
because the mainland like I had like a
super lot of hair but when he gives like
when I do it like this it doesn't really
look like that like it's a lot of here
like you will see super thin my hurry
Smith they're gonna miss believe it or
not this is not even take my hair used
to be like my honey be so thick that I
would scream and cry but my mom tried to
thought she was doing out here right
before she starts gonna be to be tissue
screaming crying every day because I was
so tender get it this is like not a lie
so to sticker and just crazy I'm just
begging for it cut at all I think I like
oh my god you're crazy but you're a
little kid you're going through that
much torture it is a really worth it
heroin is that important to me of course
not to a lot of you
okay look at other little girls hair is
I wishing to enjoy it i don't know but
me too much to do it in a little cage
stressing over junior college is too
much doing here like I will freak out
this was born my back I know that's on
the charge until I have one year but I
didn't have like my own hair on me
really i don't i don't know who does I
think it's just so gross let's go in
here all over you squishing sound this
squish it that's the other side
even moves first smack dab in easley I
see a lot girl you to take any time I me
going like little piece parfaits and all
that I would do that if I wasn't so lazy
plus I know I get it all over the nurse
squeeze it make sure it's blended
just keep pushing when the hair is kind
of dad it does go through oh oh
sorry besides you guys don't see too
often because I'm not do a lot that is
kind of like finger
I don't know if you hear the squishy but
Squishy's my BAE
you
sounds like to make sure i get in
saturate every creature coos to do I
know it's probably not really good but
I'm telling you in the morning the goals
like the up and go is great all you have
to do is just wait in a little bit so
now I'm just it's all done just kind of
overlaying it with a little bit more
tell you oh also guys I'm so excited I'm
going to Florida this weekend and it's
going to be great i'm going to lay out
by the beach with my bestie and enjoy
each other's company I haven't seen her
some years believe it or not I miss her
like crazy and I think my hair tones
will work out there because you know
Miami's weather is roartastic florida
florida's weather is like creamy can be
hot and sunny one day then it could be
raining and hot stew the neck Cece hug
got it sneak like x-men the blue murder
so this is slicker like a bucket
clicking look at
I've no idea not you guys are like this
i'm i just put some music
ok so I'm going to get a little bit more
put it on the ends right ok so you see
that i have saturated my whole head
so
what I'm going to do is just kind of
break it up right
I
just feel with rough areas that i miss
i'm just going to go over it it's always
an area but you probably have over
disperse the end
and you go
usually I can be